Add intercepter proxy (#18)
pimcore/static-resolver-bundle: doc/03_Interceptor_Proxy_Service_Usage.md

# Event Proxy Service Usage

## Overview

> `EventProxyService` is a service class that provides functionality to wrap an object's instance with `pre` and `post` method interceptors. These interceptors are respectively triggered right before or after the invocation of the specified methods.
> 
> When an interceptor is triggered, an event is dispatched using the `EventDispatcher`. The event name is composed of the lower case fully-qualified class name of the original object (with backslashes replaced by dots), the lower case method name, and the prefix (`.pre` or `.post`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`EventProxyService` is a service class that provides functionality to wrap an object's instance with `pre` and `post` method interceptors. These interceptors are triggered right before or after the invocation of the specified methods.

When an interceptor is triggered, an event is dispatched using the `EventDispatcher`. The event name is composed of the lowercase fully-qualified class name of the original object (with backslashes replaced by dots), the lowercase method name, and the prefix (`.pre` or `.post`).
```
